# Nibble-Game-
 Collapse projects section Projects Edit project Block Breaker Using JAVA Project nameBlock Breaker Using JAVA Feb 2018 – Feb 2018  Project description*Brick Breaker Game*  A Simple Brick Breaker Game developed by me using JAVA swing. *Description* Try to break all the blocks as fast as you can. Score decreases with each passing time, so its a race against time, the less time you will take to destroy all the blocks(bricks) your score will be high. *Watch Gameplay* at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLH6zOdcbIM&amp;feature=youtu.be  See project Block Breaker Using JAVASee project Edit project Weather of the World! Project nameWeather of the World! Aug 2017 – Aug 2017  Project descriptionA weather search engine providing you with the weather details of different cities across the globe along with the forecast for next 9 days!  Languages used: HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT , PHP along with JSON, AJAX.  See project Weather of the World!See project Edit project Number Arranger Puzzle Project nameNumber Arranger Puzzle Jul 2017 – Jul 2017  Project descriptionMaking a Sliding Number Arranger Puzzle Game via HTML CSS JAVA SCRIPT  See project Number Arranger PuzzleSee project Edit project Nibble Game Project nameNibble Game Jun 2017 – Jun 2017  Project descriptionThe game's objective is to navigate a virtual snake through a walled-space while consuming food along the way. The player must avoid colliding with walls, and their own snake. Since the length of the snake increases with each number consumed, the game increases in difficulty over time. After a particular no of food has been eaten(varies from level to level), the player progresses to the next level, with more complex obstacles and increased speed. This was originally created by Microsoft, Its been an humble attempt by me using C++ taking inspiration from their dos Game. I have shared the google drive link. Download the zip file,extract and run the exe file!!!! Thank You! P.S- Don't be afraid if browser usually throws up a warning message not to download the file....because browser gives a warning when u download exe files...no need to worry..just ignore and keep the file. After playing u can delete it.  Language Used- C++ without using graphics.h  To watch Gameplay go to https://youtu.be/uERs7e4QMaA
